[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PHONE RINGS]
>> Hello.
This is Elizabeth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Uh-huh.
You got the test results back?
What does it say?
Stupid phone.
I dropped the call.
This park is just
such a dead zone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, is Dr. Baxter there?
This is Elizabeth.
I was just talking
to her and I got--
I lost the call.
Yes, I'll wait.
Sorry, doctor.
You got the test results back?
You're kidding.
Oh.
Really?
Dr. Baxter, is there any way
the test results could be wrong?
I mean, could there have
been a mistake or something?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh.
What am I going to do?
Yeah, yeah.
I can come in tomorrow.
All right.
See you then.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Oh my, what's wrong?
>> I'm just--
>> Take a deep breath
and just try and relax.
Do you want to talk about it?
>> I just got a
call from my doctor,
and she doesn't think
I'm going to make it,
not even like to
the end of the year.
And I'm so scared.
I don't know what to do.
>> I'm so sorry.
What's your name?
>> Elizabeth.
>> Elizabeth, my name is Leslie.
I've faced my fears many
times, and what I've discovered
is that courage
reveals itself to us
in moments just like this.
It's something we don't know
we have until we meet it.
>> I don't think I have
any courage at all.
I'm just really scared.
I'm terrified.
>> Well, see, that's where
people get courage wrong.
Courage isn't about
the absence of fear.
The key of courage lies in
acknowledging your fears
and moving forward
in spite of them.
The bravest thing you
can be is yourself.
And not just in
the easy moments,
but in moments just like this.
So try to tap into
your intuition
and treat this as a journey
that you're going to take.
You're about to discover
some incredible things,
not just about your
situation or other people,
but about yourself.
Believe me when I tell
you, you have no idea all
that you are capable of.
There was a period
in my life where
every day took all the courage
that I could muster just
to make it through the day.
I'm one of a
handful of women who
graduated from the United States
Military Academy at West Point.
And when I graduated,
I was commissioned
as an officer in the army,
and I flew Chinook helicopters
all around the world
for about seven years.
>> You're kidding.
I would have thought you
were like a cosmetics sales
rep or something.
I would never think
you were a soldier.
>> Yeah, I actually
get that a lot.
But I promise you, I
faced my fears many times,
and sometimes in life
or death situations.
What I loved about
that whole journey
was that it allowed me to find
out how powerful I really am.
The more challenging
the situations
got while I was in the army, the
more I stepped up to meet them.
I'm one of those
people that learns
the most by taking a different
path than everybody else.
In fact, I've learned to trust
people that used to terrify me
and to believe
that everyone comes
into my life for a reason.
In order to become
a hero, you have
to be willing to
face some bad guys,
and maybe even be
a bad guy yourself.
When I was in flight
school, I actually
faced a situation like that.
I actually failed
a check ride, kind
of a test to check your
assessment of your flight
skills.
And it actually wasn't the
first one that I failed,
so I had to go in front of the
school commander, a lieutenant
colonel, who was going
to determine my fate.
Would I get to stay
in flight school
and try again or
be asked to leave
and have to tell all my
friends that I was a failure?
And I promise you that
having a lieutenant colonel
with my fate in his hands,
I definitely viewed him
as a potential bad guy.
Well, when the day
of the meeting came,
I went into his office
with my knees shaking
and my teeth chattering.
And just tried to look
like I wasn't terrified
while I waited for his decision.
And what probably took a few
seconds felt like an eternity.
He finally said the words
I was waiting to hear--
you get to stay.
Yeah.
Big sense of relief.
I think my heart
actually skipped a beat,
I was so happy to
hear him say it.
>> I bet.
>> But then he said something
that I never saw it coming,
that took me
totally by surprise.
He looked me in
the eye and said,
I feel sorry for the unit that's
going to get you because you
are a liability, not an asset.
>> Wow.
>> I was devastated.
>> I bet.
>> As a young lieutenant who
was brand new to the army,
I left his office that day
thinking, I'm a liability.
I didn't know which end was up.
And every unit I went to, I
did my hardest and my best
to prove that I
could be an asset,
always working to prove myself.
And because I worked so
hard, I did become an asset
to the units I was part of.
So for years, I
had that dialogue
in my head between
liability and asset,
and it wouldn't have
been there without him
making that statement.
So he actually helped
me find my superpowers.
He was the bad guy I needed to
become the hero I wanted to be.
>> I'm scared, and I
have trust issues too.
I don't even trust my doctor.
I'm afraid that she's made
a mistake or the tests
aren't right.
>> Well, trust is a huge
component in the key
of courage.
It actually takes
a lot of courage
to trust people when we
don't know the whole story
or what they're telling
us and can't prove it.
Other people might have life
experiences or perspectives
or insights, knowledge
that I don't have,
and sometimes I'm going
to have to trust them
for my own best interest.
Some people have made
the hard mistakes.
Learn the lessons from them.
Don't make them yourself.
>> Well, I see that now.
I guess I'm going to have to
start trusting people more.
Thank you for stopping today.
You are so brave.
I just-- I just want
to give you a hug.
Thank you.
>> Elizabeth, I'm so glad that
I was able to stop and help you
today.
You know what, I
believe that you
will find the key of
courage, and that courage
is going to give you the courage
to stay in the present moment
every step of this
journey because you are OK
as long as you're here.
And someday, your
experiences, I have
a feeling they're going to help
a whole lot of other people.
>> That would be nice if I could
help people like you helped me
today.
>> I know you will.
It was good to meet
you, Elizabeth.
>> Thank you, Leslie.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Where'd you go?
I lost her again.
There you are.
I just got here too.
>> Goldie, being successful at
this is not just about being
fast.
I keep telling you,
there's more to being
a spiritual guide than that.
>> All right.
>> That was so weird.
Did you guys feel that?
I never even saw you approach.
>> I tend to come
and go very quickly.
I have a lot to do today,
I'm in a bit of a hurry,
and Goldie here should have
prepared you for my arrival.
>> I take it you're Goldie?
>> I am.
>> And who are you?
And if you're in a hurry,
shouldn't you be going?
>> Actually, I'm in
a hurry to see you.
>> Do I know you?
>> Sort of.
I've known you for
a very long time.
You don't need that.
I'm here to help you.
You just got a call
from your doctor, right?
>> Well, yeah, but how
would you know that?
Who are you?
>> I'm your spiritual
guide, Elizabeth.
I'm Gwen, and I'm here to help
you through this very difficult
time.
>> A spiritual guide?
You mean like an angel?
>> If you choose to think
of me that way, that's fine.
But where I come from,
we don't use labels.
We're all one.
We're all connected, and our
mission is to help others.
I'm here to help when people
are facing great challenges.
>> Challenges, uh.
>> How do you do that?
>> It all depends.
May I?
>> Sure.
>> Elizabeth, sometimes people
just need to know that someone
cares.
Other times, they
might be having
trouble in their business,
and sometimes, there
might be something that keeps
them from moving forward
on their path in life, like
a crisis of confidence,
a lack of funds, the
loss of a loved one,
or other relationship struggles.
And then, other times, it's
more serious than that.
Life and death, like what
you're dealing with now.
>> So you know I don't
have long to live.
>> You are not going to make it.
>> Yes, I'm aware
of your situation.
>> Well, I don't know what you
think you can do to help me.
As Dorothy said to
the Wizard of Oz,
I don't think you have anything
in your bag of tricks for me.
>> That's sort of true.
When it's your time to
go, it's your time to go.
But we do have an
opportunity for you.
>> An opportunity?
>> This is my favorite part.
>> We need people like you to
help others when they're facing
overwhelming situations.
We've been watching
you, and we think you'd
make a great spiritual guide.
After all, you've
been helping others
for years as a
speaker and an author.
You're very good at motivating
people and offering solutions.
>> Wait a minute.
Let me get this right.
I just found out I'm probably
going to die this year,
and you're offering me a job.
You have an opportunity for me.
OK.
I must be dreaming.
>> Stop her.
>> I'm not kidding, Elizabeth.
We could help so many people.
Aren't you the
least bit curious?
Remember when your dog died?
You loved her so much.
She was so old and sick,
and you thought you'd never
get over losing her.
But then life
started to brighten,
and you started
to have fun again.
And remember, when
you lost your job?
You thought you'd never find
another one as rewarding
or that paid you as well,
but you did, didn't you?
And then you went on to own a
company of your own after that.
I know.
I know because I was there.
I was there helping all the way.
>> How?
How did I not know?
What did you do?
>> I want to be a spiritual
guide more than anything.
I wasn't chosen like you though.
I wasn't some fancy
motivational speaker.
I was a feng shui master.
That's why I'm willing to
be an apprentice, like on TV
with Donald Trump.
I want to be the
ultimate project manager.
I want to learn all
I can about energy
the seven keys of the universe.
>> It's OK. it's not
a competition, Goldie.
Elizabeth, people get the
help they need all the time.
We have a whole team of
experts, people here,
some who have
already crossed over,
and they all possess
the wisdom of the ages.
They know the keys to getting
through those roadblocks
in life that we all face.
We have so many people
who want to help others
through their challenges.
>> And are you one
of those people?
>> Yes I am, and
I organize it all.
If I see a person struggling,
I find the exact expert
to help that person
with that challenge.
>> So are you dead?
>> What I am is
neither here nor there.
>> That's so funny.
That's what people say about me.
They say, that Goldie, she's
neither here nor there.
>> Hey, Goldie, what's
that over there?
Pardon me for asking, but how
did she become an apprentice?
>> A very long time
ago, she rearranged some
of my furniture, and the most
incredible things started
happening.
Go figure.
But back to you.
>> I don't know.
I guess I have
nothing else to lose.
I seem to be running out
of options at this point.
>> OK.
I'll tell you what.
Let's spend some
time together today.
I'll introduce you to some
incredible experts and some
that you already know.
I'll share with you
the wisdom of the keys,
and you'll come to see
how powerful they are
and how much they can
help other people.
So what do you say?
Are you ready to meet some
of the most remarkable people
in the world?
>> Say Yes.
Say yes.
Come on.
Let's go.
>> Well, OK.
But let me guess, how are
we going to get there?
Follow the yellow brick road?
>> See, you still have
your sense of humor.
>> I don't get it.
>> It's OK.
Elizabeth, I'm so excited.
I have so many people.
I can't wait for you to meet.
>> Oh, it's going
to be so much fun.
>> Can't wait.
>> Goldie, why don't you
give us a few minutes.
I want to take a
walk with Elizabeth.
No, no, no, no.
You be our lookout and don't
let anybody get past you.
OK?
>> I can do that.
>> All right.
We're off.
>> OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hey, postscript, over here.
>> Sounds like my friend, Carol.
Oh my goodness.
It is.
Come here, I'll introduce you.
>> OK.
>> Hi, Carol.
Oh, it's good to see you.
>> You too.
>> How are you?
>> I'm good.
I'm great.
I'm here because I'm
worried about you.
>> Oh.
Gwen, this is Carol Scibelli.
We used to work together.
We would speak at conferences.
She's fabulous.
>> So nice to meet you.
>> Nice to meet you too.
>> But earlier, you
didn't call her Elizabeth.
What did you call her?
>> She called me
postscript, like P.S.
I love you at the end of a
letter because she said I was
so good at closing
a presentation.
>> It's amazing.
It's so hard to close.
You don't know
what to say, so we
used to joke just
between us that what
are we going to say
to these people,
like that's all, folks, or
the best ones we used to say,
you don't have to go home,
but you can't stay here.
Come on.
Sit down on the bench here.
>> OK.
>> And she used that tell
the most incredible stories
at the end, and these people
would leave with such great
stuff in their head, kind of
like a song that you can't get
out of your head.
>> Isn't that the point?
>> Yeah.
I guess so, yeah, right.
That's true, but what
about when you used to say,
when you like someone,
they could do no wrong,
but when you don't like
someone, they could do no right.
>> Ain't that the truth.
>> That's for sure.
And we used to--
I don't know if you
know this, but you
might know this, that
our husbands passed away
around the same time.
So we used to run these widow
groups, and just between us,
widows can be kind of grumpy.
We used to laugh and
make each other laugh
because we kind of had the
same irreverent sense of humor.
And then we kind of
went our separate ways.
You did your business lunches
and the books that you wrote,
and I did comedic
speaking about resilience
into how to embrace change.
>> Well, I'm just so
happy to finally meet you.
Thank you for
helping us out today.
>> I think I'm beginning
to see how this works.
If I accept this
opportunity, I'll
have people like Carol who are
great who could help me as I
go help other people, right?
>> Exactly.
Exactly.
And that's why I'm not surprised
at all that you were offered
this position
because you've always
been-- you're a strong
person and you've always
had good and bad,
but you appreciated
the good in your life.
And that's really why
I'm here to talk to you
about the key of appreciation.
>> Carol, I don't think
Elizabeth knows your whole
story.
Would you mind telling
us a little bit more
about what got
you to this point?
>> Do I have to?
>> I'd love to hear it.
>> Oh, all right.
Well, here goes.
I've always thought of myself
as a lucky person, based really
only on the fact that
I was born on July 7,
which is the seventh day
of the seventh month.
So my husband died
in April, there
it is October, which is
Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
And I see all
these pink ribbons,
and it reminded me that
my husband used to say,
as long as I'm
alive, you never have
to worry about breast cancer.
I'll take care of the girls.
I went, oh, wow, as
long as I'm alive.
I better go get these
babies checked out.
So off I go to a new doctor.
I fill out the
paperwork in the office,
and the doctor wanted
me to go into the office
to get some background
information.
So I'm telling you, this is
almost exactly how it went.
The doctor says, are your
parents still living?
And I said, well, my father
passed away when I was 17.
He was 57.
He had a brain tumor.
How about your mom?
Well, she's 81.
She's mentally ill, and we
haven't talked in years.
Every time I call her,
she hangs up on me.
That's funny to you?
>> No.
I'm sorry to laugh.
It's the way you say it.
Everything you say sounds
funny, like a joke.
>> All right.
OK, well, all right,
it's a tragedy.
Does your mother hang up on you?
>> Sometimes.
>> Well.
It is the tragedy.
See, that's why we get along.
Then the doctor says, oh.
Do you have any
siblings, and I said,
well, yeah my sister was
three years older than me.
She passed away in 1997, when
was 50 from complications
of Crohn's disease.
Then I thought, this
isn't sounding too lucky.
And I remembered-- the old
show "Queen For a Day"?
>> Yeah.
It was a horrible show where
they had three matronly women,
right, and they all stood
there in front of the audience,
and the audience would vote
who had the worst life.
That's really what it was.
The winner got-- they
rolled in a washer--
>> A horrible present like
a dishwasher or a washer
and dryer or something
really awful.
>> Yeah.
So I'm sitting there, I'm
hearing what I'm saying.
I'm thinking, any
second, the recession
is going to roll in a washer.
I could use a new
washer and dryer.
She looks down at the paper
that I just filled out
and she said, oh, I
see you circled widow.
And I said, yeah.
Just a few months ago.
And I swear, she said,
I'm almost afraid to ask,
but do you have any children.
I said, oh, no,
no, they're fine.
And I'm listening to myself,
and I'm thinking, wow.
Lucky me, huh?
On paper, my life doesn't
really look so lucky.
I'm like the lost dog who has
no tail, three legs, one ear,
and answers to the name Lucky.
>> Oh, my goodness.
But you've always been so
appreciative of everything.
I would have never
known that of you.
>> You've got to
focus on the good.
It's like the two brothers.
Did you ever about
the two brothers?
>> No, I don't think I've
ever heard that story.
>> Oh my god,
these two brothers,
they have a father who's
in jail for some horrible,
violent crime.
And one of the brothers,
the older brother,
is also in jail for
the same kind of crime,
but the younger brother
has a wonderful life,
he's a good member of the
community, he has a family.
He's a good father,
good husband.
And they ask them,
why do you think
your life out the way it did?
And both of them said,
because of our father.
>> That makes sense.
You know, that's something
I say in my presentations is
that life is just 10% what
happens to you but 90%
how you deal with it.
>> That's right.
Exactly, exactly.
Well, ladies, it's
great talking to you.
I know you have other people
to see and places to go,
but you know what we always
say, you don't have to go home,
but you can't stay here.
>> Honey, it's been
great to see you again.
>> Thank you.
You're the best.
Take care.
You're not so much the best.
>> Thanks so much for your help.
>> You're great.
>> Thank you, Carol.
See you soon.
>> Bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I can't wait for you
to meet Kate Emerson.
>> Elizabeth, I've
been waiting for you.
>> Hi.
>> It's so wonderful
to meet you.
Come and have a seat.
>> This is Kate.
>> Hi, Kate.
How are you?
>> I'm wonderful.
I've got some stories
to share with you.
>> Oh, I can't wait.
>> Lovely to see you again.
>> Lovely to see you too.
>> Elizabeth, I believe you're
having a bit of a tough time
today.
>> Well, I got some bad news,
and I'm hit with everything,
so trying to adjust.
>> So one of the things when
you're faced with such big news
is thinking about the different
keys that can help you.
So with the key of vibration,
what I want you to think about
is how do you think about
lifting your energy,
lifting your space,
lifting your life.
Because quite often,
you can be feeling
heavy and dark and depressed and
just all of the stuff going on.
So my message that
I want to give you
is how do you think
about living light
so that you can live large.
Does that sound great?
>> Well, it sounds great.
How do you do that?
>> Exactly, because it's
just a notion, isn't it?
>> Right.
>> So I'd like to talk
to you about clutter.
And often--
>> Yeah.
>> Often with clutter, what is
one word that comes to mind?
>> Closets.
>> Closets or garage or mess.
>> Yes.
>> And that's often what it is,
but I want to give you a bigger
umbrella, something that
you can think about.
So clutter is
anything, or actually,
anyone, that no
longer serves you.
So let me give you
three aspects of clutter
because I think that might help
relate to your story today.
So there is body clutter.
This stuff and you know
with your diagnosis,
you're dealing now with
something in your body.
So I'll come back to that.
There's body clutter, then
there's emotional clutter.
I think if we use
the word baggage,
we often understand that.
Yeah.
You know, all that
stuff we drag around.
And then there is
physical clutter,
the stuff that we can
see, touch, and feel.
So I can give you a
little bit of information
about all of those because
actually they're a triangle.
And may I say, they
hold each other hostage.
They're like-- they intertwine
and they hold each other,
or they can help each other.
So body clutter, I want you to
think about it as anything that
is stealing your va va voom.
Do you know that word?
>> Yes.
>> Your energy, your va
va voom, your vitality,
the sparkle in your eye.
You notice when
you look at someone
and you know they're light
and they're vibrating.
And their body, it's another
key, the key of harmony.
So if you think about
anything in your body
that's no longer serving you,
so your body is giving you
some messages today about,
I'm not sure, Elizabeth,
if you'd been looking after me.
But up until this point,
everything that maybe you've
been eating or drinking
or cigarettes or alcohol
or over-the-counter
drugs that you've
been putting and ingesting
in, maybe up until this point,
it's been working for
you, because now you're
at a point where
you might choose
to make a different decision.
Does that make sense?
>> Of course.
Of course.
>> You need to
think about this--
how do you increase the things
that will serve you more,
and how do you
decrease the things
that will no longer serve you.
And so it's a seesaw,
rather than just
trying to do it all
at once, because I
think that can be overwhelming.
So, Elizabeth, listen move
to the second component
of clutter--
emotional clutter or
mental or spiritual,
but baggage is
one of the words--
yeah.
We lug it around in that trunk.
So anything that
is unfinished that
is incomplete, that is
weighing heavy on your heart
or your shoulders.
You know what I mean.
Courageous
conversations, perhaps,
that you might need to
have with other people,
if you recognize that.
Perhaps even yourself.
What about anything
to do with anger,
resentment betrayal, guilt,
all of the negative emotions.
So be really mindful
of what you're
carrying heavy at the
moment and see if you
can lighten up that load.
OK?
And then I want you to think
about your physicality,
the stuff that we can
see, touch, and feel.
We often change
the energy of where
we want to live by keeping
too much stuff around us,
and we almost fill our lives
with kilograms of stuff.
And I don't expect everybody
to be a minimalist,
but I want you to
think about questions.
So when you go back home and
you're looking at the things
that you've chosen to keep
in your life, do I love it?
Love.
Not like.
So if you have a pen, is it a
normal pen or a beautiful pen?
Do I love it?
Do I use it?
So there you can't con yourself.
Like those clothes
that maybe you last
wore two years ago or longer.
And then I think the most
important thing for you,
right now is, does this
add value to my life.
>> Wow.
>> Because when you
walk into your home,
I want it to feel
like this for you,
so that you're surrounded
by things that energize you,
that have real meaning.
Not just stuff because you
can't be bothered to look at it
or you're just
keeping it by default.
So maybe just the one question
is, does this serve me
and add value to my life.
And just take away that one
question back into your world.
So, Elizabeth, I know Gwen has
lined up some wonderful people
for you to go and speak to.
I'm so blessed
that you came past,
and we got to meet each other.
>> I am so grateful
that I got to meet you.
You're just amazing.
Thank you so much.
You've helped me tremendously.
>> I wish you well
on your journey.
>> Thank you.
>> Really.
Bye.
>> I knew this was one
conversation you weren't going
to want to miss.
>> Oh my goodness.
She is incredible.
>> I know.
Thank you so much for your help.
>> See you soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm so excited.
I have someone very
special I want you to meet.
>> She looks so familiar.
>> Come on.
I'll introduce you.
>> Hi, dear girl.
>> Hi, darling.
So good to see you.
>> Good to see you.
Hi, Elizabeth.
>> Hi.
So nice to meet you.
You look so familiar.
>> This is Gloria Loring.
>> Oh, of course, of course.
It's so nice to meet you.
>> Well, come in.
Sit down.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So we're going to talk
about the key of vibration.
Thank you for this, by the way.
We know that everything in the
universe is made up of energy,
and energy vibrates at
varying frequencies.
I mean, this is a
scientific fact.
Everything has a vibration.
Lower vibration,
higher vibration.
And knowing how to manage
or shift your vibration,
whether your news is
really the most traumatic
or even mildly
discomforting, knowing
how to manage a vibration
can be very helpful.
It was in 2000,
my mother finally
passed after a long illness
with congestive heart failure.
And then two months
later, my father passed,
and it was sort of
this one two punch.
And at that time, I
had had over 10 years
of meditation practice.
And I thought I had gotten
pretty good at managing
the way my mind could
come up with negativity,
because I had become
aware of that,
and I could think very
distressing thoughts.
So my parents death
in such a close manner
really threw me a curve.
So I noticed in the
months afterwards
that I got to the
point where I didn't
feel like I had the energy
to go through my days.
Like I felt so pushed down.
I was like trudging through my
days and sort of lost momentum
from my daily life
for doing a project
or I had lost my enthusiasm.
And one morning, I woke up and I
really heard for the first time
a thought that had been
happening almost automatically.
And that thought was,
well, what's the point.
I'm just going to
get sick and die.
And there was that
wiser part of me
who could now hear that thought.
I had just been
accepting that thought.
I'd just been saying it
to myself and getting up,
and yeah, what's the point.
Just accepting it as
if it was something
that was real and true.
I remember thinking,
wait a minute.
I know what the point is.
The point is to take every day
I have and make the best of it.
That's what I'm given.
I don't know what's
going to happen.
And so what I did is I started
to be a cheerleader for myself.
And I thought of some
alternative ideas
that I could feed myself.
I wrote them down, and
that would encourage me
like a good friend would
encourage you right now.
They'd say, but look at
all you have in your life.
They'd say good things
to bolster your heart
and give you reasons to still
have enthusiasm for your days.
And so, I did that, and
I found that changing
the vibration of
my thought really
changed the vibration
of my energy, my body.
Because when you think
of it, depressed people--
what is depression--
means pushed down.
>> Sure.
>> And low frequency energy.
Low frequency vibrational
thoughts really pull us down,
and we can feel that
when we get depressed.
We can feel ourselves caving in.
But there was another
level of vibration
that I needed to
become aware of.
It's very important.
I would usually
start my meditation
by lighting my candle and
then stopping for a moment
and just saying,
hi, mom, hi, dad.
I'm so glad you're at peace now.
And that was really
a sweet time for me
to feel like I
could speak to them.
And then one morning, and this
is months after they died,
I started to say
hi, mom, hi, dad,
and I burst into great
gushing sobs, just--
>> I imagine.
>> Just uncontrollable.
And I suddenly
thought, oh, grief now.
Grief was there.
Grief not prompted
by thoughts that I
was having by my saying things
like, oh, I'm all alone.
I'll never see them again.
It wasn't that.
It was pure.
It was organic.
It was coming out of me,
and it needed to come up.
It needed to have its time.
And because I was making
space for it in that quiet,
instead of rushing around,
that's why a lot of people
feel like they
need a lot of quiet
when they're going through
grief because there's
a certain processing
that has to go on.
So the grief came,
and I realized
that I needed to make
time and space for it.
And I sat with it.
And finally, the sobs
sort of subsided,
almost like a railroad train
chugging into the station,
running--
>> Running out of steam.
Exactly.
And I found that being
willing to sit with myself,
like a good friend would, it's
almost like embrace the grief,
embrace the pure feeling,
accept that that's OK.
Sometimes we think, oh,
I shouldn't cry now.
It's too much crying.
It's six months ago,
it's eight months ago,
it's three days ago.
No, if it's pure feeling.
But the key here to vibration is
figuring out, is this something
that I'm telling myself.
Are these thoughts coming from
the mind that are negative,
that are defeating,
that are making
me helpless and hopeless,
that are pressing the down,
ruining my enthusiasm for life.
Because enthusiasm needs to be
filled with the spirit of God
and theos filled with God.
OK, so are the thoughts
that I'm talking to myself,
or am I making space to listen?
So as you go on this
journey ahead of you,
watch what you're
thinking, and bring
your attention to how you might
need to listen in that day.
Is there pure honest feeling,
or is there a whole lot
of trash talking going on?
>> OK.
That makes sense.
Thank you so much.
>> Well, I know you have some
amazing people still to meet.
>> Yes, we do need to be going.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Amazing to meet you, Gloria.
So much.
Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> Thanks again, darling.
See you soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There's Dr. Gordon.
He wanted us to come by
after his meditation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I was hoping we'd find him here.
Elizabeth, this is Terry Gordon.
>> Hi, Elizabeth.
How are you?
>> So nice to meet you.
>> It's so nice to meet you.
And, Gwen.
Good seeing you again.
>> Good seeing you too.
>> So I understand a fierce
storm is coming through.
>> Yes.
Yes.
It's a lot to deal with.
>> How are you doing?
>> I'm mostly confused
and upset and scared.
>> None of us is immune.
None of us is immune to
the sadness and the turmoil
of this existence.
I received one of the worst
phone calls a parent can get.
A grave voice on the
other end of the line
shared with me that
our son Tyler had been
involved in a car accident.
He had flipped his
car over and over,
and then came the dreaded
words, your son is quadriplegic.
You know, as parents, you
fear that sort of phone call.
They were planning
on life flighting him
from Durango,
Colorado to Denver,
where they would perform
emergency surgery to stabilize
his neck.
And within an hour, I
had quickly packed a bag
and bolted up to the
Cleveland Airport,
trying to get on an overbooked
flight that would get me there
in time to see my son
before he went into surgery.
Somehow, I got on that flight.
It was overbooked.
I was in eighth in line.
And I remember praying
so deeply to God,
please help me
get there in time.
Help me to help my son.
Help me to help my family.
Help me to be strong.
I felt like I was being
sucked into this tornado,
and the further I got sucked
into it, the darker it became.
And I kept saying over and over
to myself, I can't do this.
I can't do this.
And gradually, that loud
whooshing sound evaded,
and the darkness
started to dissolve.
And I started to
become enveloped
in this cocoon of white noise.
It became this place
of unfathomable peace,
and it was then that
I felt the presence.
And I can't tell you that
I heard the voice of God,
but I heard the words
from deep within.
God said, you can
do this, and I said,
but I don't have the tools.
I don't know how to do this.
And then I was given the most
profound advice I have ever
contemplated in my life.
And God said, treat this
as if it was something
you had chosen.
My first thought was, why
would I choose to do that?
Why would I choose such
an injury for my son--
maybe for me, but
not for my son.
What I came to appreciate,
though, over the course of time
is that life has a way of
presenting to us just what we
need at just the right time.
If you can free yourself
of the attachment
to that which you consider good
in life, as much as you let
go of the aversion to what you
think of as bad in your life,
then you can come to
understand this truth.
This truth is, there
is no duality in life.
Generally, we think in
terms of duality, right?
There's hot, there's cold,
there's good, there's bad,
there's high, there's low.
They're really one and the same.
Perfect health is balanced by
disease and injury, darkness
by elimination.
But they're really
one and the same.
They're conjoined
Elizabeth, accept the gift.
Use it for everything
you can from it.
And from it, you will grow in
ways that are unimaginable.
>> Thank you, Terry.
>> Namaste.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You are in for
such a treat now.
Why don't we take a
walk on the beach?
>> Beach?
What beach?
We're in the middle
of the desert.
It's all beach.
>> You'll see.
Follow me.
Put your stuff here.
We're not going to need it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ta da!
>> Wait, how is that possible?
We're in the desert.
>> We were in the desert.
Wouldn't you love to
get around like this?
>> Definitely cool.
But is that--
>> John Assaraf.
>> Oh no, it can't be.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
So great to see you.
>> You guys know each other?
>> Yes, of course.
This is my friend, Elizabeth.
>> Hi.
How are you?
I can't believe you're
here on the beach.
Just happened to be here?
>> We're really looking
forward to talking with you.
>> What?
Oh goodness.
That's fantastic.
>> Hey.
So I heard you're having a
really hard time right now.
>> I just found out I'm not
going to live much longer,
and I'm really overwhelmed.
I don't know how to get through
the next few months at all.
>> So if you think about
where we're sitting right now
and the beauty of the ocean
and the rocks and the sun,
everything's in perfect
order and harmony.
If you think about
the more orderly way
that the universe works
and how the sun is right
in the right place every
morning in the East
and is beautifully set
in the West and how
all the planets elliptically
orbit around the sun.
If you think about how the
oceans ebb and flow, is
in consistent
harmony all the time,
that is the
perfection that exists
not only in nature, but within
you as well, and in coherence.
And so, what has to
happen in order for you
to feel like your in
coherence and in total balance
and in total harmony?
>> What?
>> Well, the answer is what I
call getting your spiritual,
your emotional, your mental,
and your physical body aligned,
and just look at the perfection
of everything that's here right
now.
And when you get everything
aligned in your mind
and in your heart, in your
body, and in your spirit,
that's what will give
you the peace of mind
that you need in
order to feel better.
>> Even in spite of everything
I'm going through right now?
>> Well, in spite of everything
you're going through right now.
Those are circumstances
and conditions
that are beyond your
control right now.
>> Yes.
>> And so what you want to do is
control what you can't control,
but then trust that there's
a higher order of everything,
a higher vibration.
And sometimes, when you
don't have all of the facts,
then you have to go to one
of the keys of vibration,
and that's having faith.
And faith is the
absence of all the fact.
You have to trust in the orderly
perfection of how everything
works beautifully and magically
right here on planet Earth
and in the entire cosmos.
And since you only have
a limited amount of time,
if you think about this,
imagine if the time you
had was the sand in my hand.
And all the sand that's
going through my hand,
you have a choice of
where to focus it.
And so if you focus it
on what you don't want,
you've just lost the most
valuable assets you've got.
And so by focusing all of
your sand, all of your time,
on the things that
you want, that's
where the miracles happen.
That's where you're trading
your life for what you want.
your life for the highest
possibilities of
good, and that's
what you're trading
your life to be
able to achieve what
it is that you want,
instead of focusing on
what it is you don't want.
Focusing it on the things that
could go wrong, may go wrong,
and may shorten your life.
And that is really one of
the key principles of life
is use your sand,
use your time wisely,
and prime your brain to
learn how to figure that out.
And that is one of
the keys to success.
>> If I wake up tomorrow and I'm
going to try and focus on all
the positive aspects of my life
instead of focusing on what
the future holds for
me, my prognosis,
does it get easier
the more you do it?
Like, I think
tomorrow, I'll really
be focused on
changing how I think.
But the next day and the next
day and the next day, I mean,
is it like being on a diet,
or is it something that
gets easier the more you do it?
>> Well, the antidote for fear,
the antidote for uncertainty is
gratitude.
>> Oh.
>> And so when you focus on what
you are grateful for and what
you do have in the
present moment,
if you focus on what
you've had in the past,
then you can predict all
the wonderful things that
you're going to have
in the upcoming future.
And regardless of
what the prognosis is,
miracles do happen.
And one of the best
ways to instigate,
set across, and
set off a miracle,
is to get into alignment with
the magic of the universe.
Get into the magic of what's
possible and live in that space
instead of in the fear, the
uncertainty, the doubts,
the overwhelm, the confusion
that all of the prognosis
has been giving
you up until now.
And when you do
that, that's really
when you're going to feel like
I'm going to trade your life--
however long it's going to be--
for exactly what is
worth trading it for.
>> How did you get
to be so smart?
It seems like you just
have so many answers
for having the best life ever.
>> One of the most miraculous,
amazing things happened to me.
I met a wonderful man,
who was happily married,
spiritually evolved,
very, very philanthropic,
and saw something in
me that I didn't see.
I didn't feel confident.
I didn't feel certain.
I didn't feel like I
deserved to achieve success.
And one of the
gifts he gave me was
the gift of teaching
me some universal laws.
He taught me the perfection of
the universe and the laws that
govern how life exists
and how we evolved.
He got me out on a track
to personal development,
to learning from
experts, to learning
what to do, how to do it, when
to do it, and why to do it.
And every day for
one hour, he would
have me upgrade my
knowledge and my skills
through books, through cassette
tapes, back 30 plus years ago,
through learning from mentors
and people who already achieved
the success that I
was hoping, wishing,
and praying to achieve.
And just like you learn how
to walk one step at a time
and you learn the alphabet
one letter at a time,
then one word at a time,
then one sentence at a time,
over the last 30
years, I maintained
being a voracious
student of the things
that, again, I believe is
one of the keys to success,
and that is
following my passion.
Following the gifts
that I did have.
And I always loved
people, I always
loved communicating with people.
I was pretty loving and
caring, and so I wanted
to share my life with others.
And as I grew more
knowledgeable,
and as I failed and succeeded
and then I shared the failures
and successes with
others, people
wanted to listen
more and learn more.
Just like it's beautiful
to be here in the beach,
where you feel your
best, it's so important
to surround yourself
with people who
will make you feel your best.
They're going to bring out
the best in your energy,
in your emotions, and in all of
the goodness that's within you.
>> This has just
been incredible.
I totally shifted
where my mind is at.
I really can't thank you enough.
Thank you so much for
introducing me to John.
It's just been great.
>> And, John, thank you so
much for your help today with
Elizabeth.
I really appreciate it.
>> It's so joyful
for me to do that.
>> This is wonderful.
Thank you so much.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
How was it?
Isn't John wonderful?
He's so smart.
Are we done yet?
I didn't see anyone,
so nobody got by me.
>> Oh, thank you, dear.
Well, what do you think so far?
>> Yeah.
What do you think?
What you going to do?
>> I don't know what to think.
Ever since I got that call
from my doctor this morning,
I've been scared.
I'm confused.
I'm starting to
question my own sanity.
>> I know.
I do that all the time.
I get so confused.
>> Have you gotten
your things done, dear?
>> Oh, I'm working on it.
I'm working on it.
I'll be back.
OK.
>> Bye.
That's my Goldie.
She's a trip, huh?
>> I know.
Oh, wow.
That's Jodi.
I can't wait to
introduce you to her.
She's an amazing
psychotherapist.
She helps people who've
passed their fear
and learned to love themselves.
>> Oh, I can't wait to meet her.
She sounds amazing.
>> Come on.
>> OK.
My gosh, Jodi.
Hi.
It's so good to see you.
>> Yes.
Thank you.
>> Jodi, meet Gwen.
>> Hi.
>> Gwen has been showing me
around and introducing me
to the most outstanding
experts today,
so I shouldn't be
surprised to see you here.
>> Come in and sit down.
>> Thank you.
>> I'm teaching people
how to forgive and let go.
People want to let go,
but they don't know how,
and forgiveness is even harder.
People assume that
forgiveness and letting go
condones the bad things
that people do to us.
That people get away with
something without reparation,
but that's not what
it's about at all.
Forgiveness and letting
go is about freeing
the person that's in pain.
>> Interesting.
And when someone is holding
on to something that's
hurting them, either
emotionally or spiritually, how
do you get them to let go?
>> The answer lies in
the key of empathy,
which explains why
people do what they do.
Hurtful people aren't mean
because they don't like you.
They're mean because they
don't like themselves.
And once we don't take
it personally anymore,
it frees us.
And if we don't think
it's us, then we
don't have to be hurt or
attached to this situation
any longer.
>> That makes so much sense.
>> I'm so glad
that you think so.
You know, people want to let go.
They just don't know how.
It's so hard.
And I think most of the
problem is that our mind is
searching for answers.
We want to know what
happened, and why it happened.
So confusing when
something bad happens
and we want somebody to blame.
And we think, was it
us that caused it,
or why did somebody do that.
Without the key of empathy,
we can't understand
why people do what they do,
and we keep questioning,
and this causes
so much suffering.
And I know exactly how this
feels because I was once
stuck in a situation
where I couldn't
get my mind off
someone who hurt me,
and I thought about it
obsessively all the time,
and I talked about
it all the time.
I thought about this
conversation with him
in my mind over and over, like
trying to prove myself to him
or trying to get him
to see how he hurt me.
I wanted validation
and understanding
from him, the last person
that would give it to me.
And my friends, they tried to
help me, and they were saying,
don't take it personally.
This made it worse because not
only was I hurt and frustrated
about this situation, I
was handling it wrong.
And so I had hurt, and then
I had negative self judgment.
You see how we make
ourself so miserable?
So, one day, I was walking
in this path to a waterfall,
and it's so beautiful.
And instead of looking at
that beauty all around me,
I was stuck in my head,
ruminating yet again
about this situation.
I tried to let it
go a million times,
and I just kept
thinking about it.
Once I got to the waterfall,
I lied down on the bank
to do a meditation, and I
was looking after the cliff.
And I saw these
the yellow leaves.
And it was amazing.
They were like
suspended, and I realized
it was the air pressure from the
waterfall that suspended them
in air, and they were
floating and swirling around.
And it dawned on me.
I realized I was like
one of those leaves.
I could take as long as I wanted
to on this path to forgiveness.
I also understood that when I
set the intention to let go,
those negative thoughts were
going to keep coming back.
That's just what they do.
People hold on to stuff
because their self-worth
is woven into that.
They think if they
let it go, that
means it didn't matter
that it happened.
And if it didn't matter that
it happened, they don't matter.
And they hold on to it because
they don't want to not matter.
And so I realized
there's a three step
process to letting go that
helps people learn how to do it
and figure it out and keep
their self-worth intact.
The first step is
deciding that you
deserve to be free or forgiven.
Now, this is, remember, our
mind tries to find answers,
and it's asking all
those kinds of questions.
So the first thing
that we need to do
is stop those negative self
judgments about what happened.
You say, it happened, it
wasn't OK, I didn't deserve it,
but it doesn't have to
define me any longer.
So you validate yourself,
and you keep that self-worth
intact, and then you forgive.
That's step one.
And step two is just
setting the intention.
It's the easiest one.
We can do that.
All you have to do is say it out
loud or say it in your heart.
Doesn't matter.
Just set that intention
that I want to let this go.
That's the easy part.
And step three-- now step three
is the most important piece.
This is most important step,
and it's often forgotten.
You don't realize this one.
It's practice.
Practice.
You have to practice
because remember
those negative thoughts
are going to come back,
and we have to have
compassion for them
when they come back
instead of judging them.
Because when we judge
them, we just get attached
and caught up in them again.
But this is a thing--
we'll have to do that
over and over again.
Because for a while, as
we're practicing this,
it's going to come back
over and over again.
The key of empathy
helps us understand
that people are
hurt and insecure,
and we might not even know
it by looking at them.
When we understand that and
have compassion and empathy,
then we can let
go of past hurts,
and we never get hurt
in the same way again.
>> Jodi, that is beautiful.
I am so grateful that
you were here today
to share your insights with us.
And I know that
Elizabeth will be
counting on you and
your three step process,
if she takes my offer.
>> Easy to see why I love
her so much, isn't it?
>> Yes.
She's amazing.
>> Thank you so much
for being her today.
>> You're welcome.
>> It's great.
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> See you soon.
>> Bye.
Good luck.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
>> Farida.
It's so good to see you.
>> So good to see you too.
>> Elizabeth, this is
for Farida Akadiri.
>> So nice to meet you.
>> Hello, Elizabeth.
>> She has many amazing things
to share with you about the key
of faith.
>> I'm so glad you're here.
Please have a seat.
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Elizabeth, I would like
to ask you a question.
Do you know what is the
definition of faith?
Faith is having an unshakable
conviction in something
without proof or evidence.
Generally, people when
they think about faith,
they think first about religion.
But I would like to share
with you the importance
of having faith in yourself.
You have to believe.
You have to have that conviction
that you, you can be, do,
and have everything and
anything you want in life.
You don't need to know how.
You don't need to know how
much time it's going to take.
And even though your
current situation
doesn't match the results
you want in your life
because you don't have
the house you want,
you don't have the
perfect relationship,
you want you don't
have the perfect job
or the perfect
finances you want.
You still need to
have that trust
in yourself and in your dreams.
On a larger scale,
the key of faith
is about trusting that there
is something bigger than you.
You can call it God, you can
call it infinite intelligence,
higher consciousness, life.
But the trust that the universe
is there to support you.
I was engaged, and
my fiancee broke off
the engagement to marry
another woman one month later.
I was shocked.
I lost my faith in God.
I lost my faith in myself.
I lost my faith in my dreams.
I'm a nice girl.
I was working, giving my best.
I didn't deserve that.
Until one day, I heard that
little voice inside my head.
You can call it my intuition,
or God, on my higher self.
And that voice said,
Farida, you hit the bottom.
It's time to rise up.
At that specific moment,
I made a decision.
I'm going to create
and live my dream life.
I don't know how.
I don't know how much
time it's going to take.
I'm just going to do it.
That's it.
Period.
And you know when you
make such decisions,
you are opening
doors for yourself.
People are coming your way--
situation, opportunities
that I couldn't see before.
and I stopped acting and
feeling like a victim.
Now when I see back,
that was the best gift
the universe could give me.
Faith is something that
you can build and deepen
on a daily basis.
You have to ask.
You have to ask for
different guidance
to help you
strengthen your faith.
It can be your
faith in yourself,
your faith in your dreams,
your faith in life.
But ask, and you would receive.
Take a regular journal,
and I want you every day
before going to bed, write
how life had loved you today.
What that gift you
received from life.
I want to write every day and
start building those evidences
that the universe loves
you, and you will always
have that to remember you
what you have received.
And that's the whole
key of harmony.
Be in harmony with
life, with the universe.
Then, do a success board.
I want you to take all the
pictures of your achievements,
and I want you to watch
it on a regular basis.
Because what, each time you're
going to have a challenge.
What's going to happen?
You're going to watch that
beautiful board and say, wow,
I did that.
Wow, I'm powerful,
I'm successful.
Wow, I'm amazing.
Wow, I'm a super achiever.
And then your confidence
is just going to build up.
And the last tip I would
like to share with you
is get the support system.
Have someone or
a group of people
who are going to support
you to build and strengthen
your faith, because that's
the beauty with faith.
Sometimes we're
going to have doubts.
We're going to have
doubt in ourselves.
We're going to doubt if we have
to chosen the right dreams.
We're going to doubt, oh,
is God really supporting me
because I'm really in
something terrible right now
and I have no clue how I'm
going to get out of it.
But it's OK because
with your gift journal,
with your success board,
and with your support group,
each time, you're going
to remember yourself.
I did it once, I did it twice,
I can do three times, 20 times,
100 times.
And then you start
being unstoppable.
You started manifesting
and creating
the life of your dreams.
Life loves you.
Put your faith into practice.
Practice having
faith in yourself.
faith in your dreams,
and practice having
faith in life.
>> Thank you so much.
I knew you would have the
perfect message of faith
for Elizabeth today.
>> Thank you for being here.
>> Farida, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] Goodbye.
>> Elizabeth, I want to
change gears a bit here.
I'm sure you're familiar
with Brian Tracy.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> He's an incredible expert
on business and success.
And as you know, business
owners and entrepreneurs
can have a lot of
trouble dealing
with all the matters of
business because there's
so much to know.
So in a case like this, if you
were working with a business
owner or an entrepreneur,
Brian would be the expert
that you'd go to for help.
>> Of course.
>> Now since we're
speaking of Brian,
media icon Carly Alyssa Thorne
just told me that she has a big
surprise for us.
OK.
So come this way with me.
Hi.
Elizabeth, I want to introduce
you to Carly Alyssa Thorne.
She has a lot of
information to share
with you in the key of empathy.
>> Thank you so much, and
I'm so grateful to meet you,
Elizabeth.
>> I'm happy to meet you too.
>> I would love to share about
empathy because it's such
a sometimes misunderstood thing.
We all think we know what
someone else is going through.
And me, I'm young,
I'm only 50 years old,
and I've had 30 surgeries.
So people looking at
me and they're like,
oh, you're so young.
You can just do
anything, and they
don't understand there are
times that, yes, I struggle.
And just realizing
that other people
are going through things that
I may have no clue about.
And so that's been a
really big journey for me
and my team members
and my business.
And speaking of business, I
have a secret to share with you.
I'm going to go interview
Brian Tracy on business,
which is exactly what I
need with my team members.
Now, you guys can
come along with me,
but you have to be quiet,
and you can eavesdrop.
So come on.
>> Thank you.
Wow.
>> What is the number one
reason for business success?
>> This is a great question.
The number one reason for
business success is high sales,
and that means that people have
developed the right product
and the right service
for the right market
at the right price, with the
right features and benefits
in competition with others.
And high sales is the number
one reason and the number
one focus on of all businesses.
>> What is a number
one business failure?
>> Well, it's the
flip side of the coin.
It's low sales.
And Forbes magazine has
said that the number one
reason above all other
reasons for business problems
is that people don't
want the product.
And what is happening
today is about 80%
of products fail because
they are thought up
by some of the most brilliant
people in the world,
they spend billions of
dollars on market research,
but the customers don't want
it, don't need it, or not
interested in it, will
not pay that price.
Or if they don't want it,
they buy it from a competitor.
And so low sales is
the number one problem
of all businesses
in the world today.
There's four critical factors
for a product or service
to be successful.
Number one is has to do a job
that the customer wants done.
If you can imagine that
a customer buys a product
or service to do a job
that they need done
and they pay you to do the
job with a product or service,
so what is the job that
your product or service
does for them?
Now a job means that there's
a beginning, a middle,
and an end, and at the
end of the process,
the customer has something
that they didn't have before.
My favorite word in all of
business is "transformation."
Is what is the
transformation that
takes place in the
customer's life and work
as a result of
using your product?
Customers today,
psychologically,
buy in anticipation
of how they will
feel after using your product.
So you say, how
will customers feel?
What will be their
experience as a result
of using my product or service?
And products fail because
they don't do a job
or they don't do that job or
somebody else does it better.
Every product or service
is an answer to a problem.
And so, companies will often
develop a solution to a problem
that people don't have.
And this, again,
is they'll develop
what is a perfect
product scientifically,
but people don't realize
that they have this problem,
or the problem is
not intense enough
for them to want to
spend money to solve it,
or somebody else can solve
it better and cheaper.
The third reason is that
people do not buy products,
they buy benefits.
And so the benefit
to the customer
of buying and using your
product or service is not clear.
Often, it's not clear
to the people who
are in the product development.
And the last two things
I say, every product
has a goal to be achieved.
So you have to ask, what is
the goal that somebody wants
achieved and how does your
product help them achieve
that goal faster, more
efficiently, at lower cost,
and so on.
And the final question is, what
is the pain that it takes away.
Is people buy a
product or service
like they buy a headache remedy
because they have a pain.
And so you have to identify
clearly what is the pain,
and is the pain intense
enough for the customer
to want to take action.
And if it's not,
remember, Amazon
has a million products that
you can buy on Amazon today,
1 million.
They'll soon have 2 million.
So there's lots of
products out there,
and there's hundreds of
products in your space.
And so yours has to be better,
superior, more helpful,
more appropriate than any.
So that's the reason
why companies fail,
because their product
or service is not
what people want to buy
in sufficient quantities.
So, today, instead of
developing a product
and going and trying
to sell it, what you do
is you come up with
a product idea.
You say, this is
a great product.
This could really help people
to improve their life or work
in some way.
So you start off with what
is called product discovery.
What is my idea for the
product and how would it
help my customers.
And then you go and
you engage in what
is called customer discovery.
Is this the sort
of product that you
would buy and pay for and use
in your life or your work?
And they will tell you, and
you keep going back and forth.
And it's like two
iterative feedback loops.
Product development,
customer development,
product development, until it
clicks and the customers say,
I'll take it.
I want that.
I want that now.
And then, bang, you
have an iPhone 1
sells 50 million copies, sells
more than all of Microsoft
in that entire year and drives
the company toward becoming
the most profitable company
in the history of the world
because they're
absolutely crystal
clear about what
customers wanted when they
brought the product to market.
And all they did was
announce the product.
And you remember,
people were lined up
around the corner,
sleeping on the streets,
to buy the product.
They knew that this
product, basically,
to help them achieve goals,
communicate with their friends
and relatives, solved a problem,
having everything in one place,
did a job for them,
enabled them to communicate
at higher, faster,
better levels,
get emails, send message.
I mean, it did all of those
things simultaneously.
It answered every single
thing that we're talking about
and became a
marketing phenomenon.
>> So the last question I'd
like to ask is, in your opinion,
what are personal behaviors
are required for success
in business and in life?
>> Focus is the most
important quality for success.
If you can focus, you can
succeed at almost anything.
If you cannot focus, you cannot
succeed at anything today that
is so complex and
requires focus.
You'll always have to work
for someone else who can
focus and make you focus.
So when you ask, what
are the three words,
my favorite word
starts with clarity--
clarity, I think,
is 95% of success.
Clarity needs to
know, first of all,
who you are, what you want,
what you really care about,
what are you good
at, what can you
be good at, what makes
you happy, where do you
want to put your whole heart.
Many people get into something
that they are successful
at but never very successful
because their heart isn't
into it.
So first of all, be
clear about who you are.
Second of all, be
clear about your goals.
I teach goal setting to
people all over the world,
and they come back to me
and they say, you know,
that goal setting
it made me rich.
It changed my life
because before that, I
was doing this and
that, and then I
had clear goals and written
plans and priorities.
And I work on them
every day, and you'll
accomplish more in a year
with clear written goals that
are in harmony
with who you really
are inside than you might
accomplish in five or 10 years.
All success comes
from task completion.
It comes from goal achievement.
And if you are not focused in
an orderly way, disciplined,
with priorities, focused
on achieving your goals
and completing your
tasks, you have no chance,
you have no chance at all.
So number one is clarity.
Number two is focus--
focus, focus.
You can't do many things.
You can do one thing, and
do one thing at a time.
And the third is concentration.
And just concentrate single
mindedly on one thing at a time
until it's done.
So my three favorite words-- and
you can write a book on this--
just clarity, focus,
and concentration.
But remember this I'll just
repeat what I just said.
All of success in life comes
from starting and completing
tasks.
And successful people are
those who start and complete
more important tasks
and complete them sooner
and complete them better.
So your job is
always to learn how
to complete more
and more important
tasks faster and at a
higher level of quality.
And that is more important
to you in success,
no matter what your job or
work is, than anything else
you can do.
Clarity, focus,
and concentration.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gwen, that was incredible.
Brian Tracy is so smart.
I can see why he's so popular.
>> I knew you'd be impressed.
I tell you, there is
nothing about business
that Brian Tracy doesn't know.
>> Oh, that was great.
So where to next?
>> Come on.
Follow me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, William.
So good to see.
>> Good to see you as well.
Elizabeth, Hi.
>> Elizabeth, this
is William Liu.
>> So nice to meet you.
>> It's a pleasure.
>> And today, he has some very
important things to teach you
about the integration
of the keys.
>> Oh, I can't wait to hear.
>> Absolutely.
Please have a seat.
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's a pleasure to meet
you and to have you here.
I'd like to be sharing with
you first the keys of courage,
staying with my parents' story.
My parents grew up basically
during the Vietnamese War,
and they were raised in
the South part of Vietnam.
And fortunately for
them at that time,
they had the freedom
to choose their life
and to be who they wanted.
They had a good business,
in the tire business,
and they were
having a good life,
and they enjoyed it very
much until 1975, when Vietnam
was united under one
government, and they were forced
to stop their whole business.
They had to make the
decision because they
were seeing neighbors in the
middle of the night getting--
taken away from their
homes and disappearing.
And for them,
freedom was too much
of a treasure and
too precious for them
to just live that kind of life
in fear and in uncertainty.
So for me, that was a
very touching moment
when I heard it here that
they chose to run in the fear
and not knowing what to do.
But in going through
that ring of fire
and dealing with the
uncertainty on the other side
was so much bliss, so much
happiness, and so much freedom.
I only had heard bits
and pieces of it,
but when I finally heard
the entire story, the key
of appreciation really
hit me because it's
been to that point, I
had no understanding
of what I wanted to do.
When I heard that,
a seed was planted
in me to make me
feel like, OK, it's
time for me to step up
and appreciate and show
my parents that I want
to give back to them.
I want to show them the love
and appreciation that they
did for me.
I opened up my own
paralegal firm,
and, yeah, and from then on,
I became very successful.
And I was driven
to be successful.
I was working seven days a
week, 24 hours I was on call.
But the more I was becoming
successful and the more
money I was making,
the more I realized
that I was becoming
unhappy, and you're not
passionate about
life, and you're not
passionate about things.
I was dealing with
people who were injured.
I was trying to help
them the best I could.
I was trying to be
the best professional,
and because I understand
building relationships,
your customers are
your best referral.
But in sympathizing
for them, I took on
all their negative emotions.
I took on the clients that
kept calling about wanting
to commit suicide.
I kept getting
calls about people
that were so
frustrated, so angry
with their pain and the
agony and the situation
that they were dealing
with, but I'd never
understood that by
sympathizing and trying
to help them feel their pain, I
was attracting their negativity
to me, and I was
starting to experience
that in my own reality.
I wasn't passionate about the
business, but it made me money,
and I was able to
buy things with it.
I was able to do great things in
terms of physical possessions.
I was able to have a nice
car, but I was not happy.
Money never gave
me the happiness.
And so I fell into a very,
very deep depression.
And I struggled
very long and hard
with what was my
purpose in life.
During that time that I had
completely fallen apart,
I had received
two amazing gifts,
and the first one was love.
I had amazing friends
who kept reaching out,
and my parents were
always there for me.
But because I still
had that feeling
of love and that connection to
the world, the physical world
as we see it, I was still
willing to live and be here
with all of you and survive
because when you feel
loved and you understand
how powerful it is.
And so, the saying goes, love
is the most powerful force
in the universe.
So my second blessing
was personal development.
Through personal
development, I also
learned that your thoughts
and your imagination,
your ability to think,
which is God given gift
to us that no one else
has, is so treasured.
And through that, I learned that
even though physically I was
defeated, I can think and I
can imagine anything I want.
Even though physically I
was not in a good place,
I was able to put myself
by closing my eyes
and imagine that
I could put myself
in anywhere in the world.
I can put myself
on the nicest beach
and with the most amazing
person I want, with my family.
I can imagine the amazing
loving feelings, the bliss,
the happiness, the joy that
everyone wants to experience.
And I learned that happiness
is actually the highest level
of success, and it's not money.
And if you focus on
the amazing things
that you have in your life and
the amazing experiences you've
experienced, you will
create more of that.
But if you focus on all
the horror and terror
that we see in the
news and TV and focus
on all the unfortunate
things that
happen and are part
of our reality,
then, yes, you will create that
as well because that's just
the law of attraction.
And that's just how it works.
>> Makes sense to me.
That's fantastic.
Thank you so much
for sharing with us.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello.
Welcome.
>> Elizabeth, this is
Dr. Alfredo Besosa.
>> Nice to meet you.
Are you going to help me?
>> I hope so.
>> Oh, he's going to help you
in a very special way today.
Dr. Besosa is going to offer you
the map to your inner journey.
>> That's not what
I was expecting.
>> Let's go over here and sit
down and listen to what he has
to say.
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Elizabeth I'm here to
help with the key of harmony,
which is a very important key
for me because it's the one
that will open the doors
of happiness for you.
And I'm going to show you
that harmony means balance.
So before everything,
I want you to know
how did you get to this
point of your life.
This point, you're
suffering a lot,
like a lot of
peoples in our world.
In the world, there are like
50% of couples getting apart,
like 85% of people with stress.
So we need desperately
the key of harmony.
So how did you get here?
The process is
something like this.
Something happened to us
in the world something
happens, and then we think
something about that.
That thought generates
a feeling, an emotion,
and then you act, and
that's how we manage life.
Something happens, we
think, we feel, and we act.
Imagine that there's
like three bodies on us--
physical body, emotional
body, and our mental body.
And if we have all
these emotions here,
you're going to affect our body.
I've been studying mind
body medicine for a while,
and let me tell you that 85% of
diseases are because of that.
So I'm going to guide you
to the process of heal
to the key of harmony.
The first step is to
manage your emotions.
To manage your emotions,
you have to take them out.
You have to clean yourself
and find inner peace.
How do you work that?
Is like going to an
emotional bathroom.
Because when you don't
go to the bathroom
and you stay like
this, you get sick.
If you manage your
emotions between them
to the other people, you
damage your relationships.
So what do we have to
do with our emotions?
We have to take them
out, clean ourselves.
What's the second step?
The second step to get harmony
is to raise your energy.
So you can exercise, maybe
do some yoga, tai chi,
and go to nature, even have
sex, have a massage done.
So with all of
these things, you're
going to raise your harmony.
From there, with
enough energy, you
can change the way you think,
which is the next step.
To change the way we think, we
have to put the key of harmony
in our relationship
with the universe.
So to balance that
relationship, we're
going to find out
how is a role in life
and what's the role
of life with us.
We are all trying to be happy.
Sometimes we do,
sometimes we don't.
So what are we doing
in the process?
What we are doing is
learning how to be happy.
So what's the purpose of life?
Learning to be happy.
So if we know that, that the
problem is that life is giving
us, like in your cage or disease
or maybe when somebody is broke
or when somebody who's
got a bad relationship,
what's the problem
with the problem?
No problem with the problem
because it's just something
that you have to learn
how to solve in order
to learn how to be happy.
So now you know, the universe
is giving me the lessons,
and I am the student.
You balance that relationship.
The next step is to
balance the relationship
between you and yourself.
Now how do you balance that?
Now that you know
that you're here
to learn how to be happy, what
you have to do is take yourself
and made you happy.
It seems logical,
but all the time, we
think that we have to do only
work or work for the family
on a lot of things that
we don't think in ourself.
And that's what we have to do.
We are here to be happy.
So I have to work for
me, for my own happiness,
and I have to have a clear
vision of what happiness means.
Happiness means five things--
inner peace, harmonic
relationships,
health, wealth, and joy.
I have to think for my inner
peace, my health, my wealth,
my joy.
I have to talk through
these five results.
I have to add to that.
I have to take me there.
Sometimes we think that
we have to serve others
and that we are here
only to serve others,
but when we want
to serve others,
we want them to be happy.
And if I don't know
how to be happy,
what am I going to teach them?
The third step is
I'm going to balance
my relationship with others.
That's what I'm going to ask.
So how do I balance
these relationships?
How I put this in harmony?
And the first thing
is to love them.
To love them, what does it mean?
I'm going to understand them,
and I'm going to accept them.
I have to understand that as
myself, they're here learning.
And the way to learn
is make mistakes.
So I had the right
to make mistakes.
That's the way I learn.
They have the right
to make mistakes.
And here's a clue.
When somebody makes
a mistake with me,
I have to learn from that.
And imagine a person that is
doing that, the person that
is managing his or her emotions,
then is rising the energy,
then is understanding his
relationship with the universe,
being a student,
taking life lesson,
and then walking
through his happiness
in order to serve others
and serve himself.
And with the people,
what he is doing
is loving and making agreements.
When you're a person
like that, my dear,
you become a person from
God to the universe,
and then the universe becomes
a present from God to you.
>> Thank you so much.
That was amazing.
>> You're very welcome.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, doctor.
I know you helped
Elizabeth immensely.
Bye bye.
>> Bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm going to have a
few words with Goldie.
Goldie?
>> Yes.
>> I'm going to take
Elizabeth to meet the council.
OK?
I'm going in for the big close.
>> Yay.
>> I'm pretty sure
she's going to join us,
so I want you to go ahead and
tell them to prepare for her
arrival.
Let them know that I want it to
be an incredible celebration.
OK?
>> OK.
I can do that.
Now if Elizabeth
accepts the job,
do I get to intern with her?
>> Of course, darling.
>> Yay.
>> Say good bye.
>> Bye, Elizabeth.
It was great spending
the day with you.
I'm pretty sure I'll be
seeing you again very soon.
Maybe even sooner than you know.
Bye.
>> Bye.
>> Boy, that Goldie sure is
something else, isn't she?
>> Yeah, she is.
>> Yeah.
I'm sorry I didn't
meet her sooner.
I wonder if maybe she'd
moved my sofa few years ago
if I'd even be here now.
>> Elizabeth, you're right
where you're supposed to be.
Are you starting
to see that now?
>> I suppose so.
It's ironic though, Gwen.
I've given so many
uplifting speeches
and inspirational
talks to groups before,
and now it's all
coming back to me.
And I realize that when
it's about us, all that rah,
rah just goes out the window.
>> I understand.
What you're feeling
now is the key
of empathy, one of the
most important keys of all.
Because empathy helps us to
feel compassion or sympathy
for other people who
are facing challenges.
And without the key
of empathy, this world
would be a very cold
and lonely place.
>> Gwen, I appreciate everything
you've shared with me about
the keys, but nobody's answered
my biggest question yet.
Why me?
Why am I going to die?
I mean, I haven't exactly
been a health nut,
but I've taken really good care
of myself, better than most.
I never smoked.
I didn't drink sodas or eat
things doctors tell you not
to eat.
I've exercised, and I'm
a pretty happy person.
I'm not negative or angry,
and I don't understand.
My grandma lived to be 101.
You know, it's been
like months since I've
had a bagel or potato chips.
I just don't understand.
There's really no
reason I can think
of that I would be dying now.
I mean, really, what the hell?
>> People get sick for a
lot of different reasons.
There are a lot of factors.
It's not just lifestyle.
There's also genetics,
there's the environment,
and there's destiny.
Other than that, it remains
one of life's mysteries.
But I will assure
you, Elizabeth,
that it is the quality of your
years on Earth that count.
The fact that you've taken
such good care of yourself,
you've honored your physical
and spiritual bodies.
You always try to
be kind and loving.
You took amazing
care of your animals.
You were more than generous with
all your friends and family.
All of this means that you
have lived a very good life,
even if it doesn't
turn out to be for as
long as you'd hoped for.
You know, tomorrow--
tomorrow's promised to no one,
and that's why we have
to embrace each day
and make the most of it.
All these positive aspects
of the life that you've just
lived, they promise you a future
more beautiful than anything
you could ever imagine.
And you will be
remembered forever,
Elizabeth, in the minds and
the hearts of everyone who's
life you've touched.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
All right.
But from now on, I think
I'm going to eat more cake.
>> Hey, deal.
Look, Elizabeth it's
our cosmic rock stars,
also known as the council.
>> They don't have any shoes on.
How come they're in socks?
>> I don't know.
>> It's a visible metaphor.
We're here to sock it to you.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Elizabeth, I want you
to meet Dannion Brinkley.
>> Hey, Dannion.
>> My pleasure.
>> Don Miguel Ruiz.
>> How do you do?
>> Pleasure.
>> Hi.
>> And Michael Bernard Beckwith.
>> Hey, Michael.
Nice to meet you.
>> Good to see you again.
>> Oh.
>> Again.
>> OK.
>> And, Elizabeth, you've had a
very interesting and full day.
I think we should sit down
and talk about it because each
of us has a story to tell you
that's much like the story
and the experience
you're going through now.
>> Yeah. that would be great.
>> Let's hurry because I can't
wait to tell you my story.
>> Thank you.
>> I know you're going to
answer lots of your questions.
>> Sock it to me.
You've been telling that
joke for 18,000 years.
>> Always worked.
>> You must be overwhelmed
by all the things that have
happened today.
You've made so many
powerful experts,
plus I really
appreciate what you've
gone through in
terms of receiving
that news from the doctor.
>> Yeah.
I'm sure you can't imagine what
I'm going through right now.
>> Well, honey, we really do.
We all have these kinds
of experiences before.
But before I get going,
I have something here.
It's a key, and this
is a key of life.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> Because that's
what you really are.
You're life.
>> Oh, this is gorgeous.
Can I put out now?
>> Of course.
It's yours already.
>> Oh my gosh.
This is beautiful.
Thank you so much.
This is from all of you?
>> Yes.
>> Absolutely.
>> Thank you so much.
Oh it's beautiful.
Thank you.
>> Well, all of
you, it's only one.
We are the same.
Just an illusion you see
three different people.
>> Really?
>> We are really the same.
And not just that,
we're also you.
>> OK.
>> Yes.
Of course, we
understand how you feel.
I have a major heart
attack not that long ago.
I was nine weeks in a coma.
Well, when I got
back from that coma,
I have great news
for my doctors.
They say, if you're
lucky, you're
going to live one more
year, maybe two more years,
but you no longer can do
whatever you did before.
Forget about teaching,
lectures, et cetera, et cetera,
et cetera.
You have to stay at
home, watching TV.
I talk to my children,
and I tell them,
there is no way that we stay
at home waiting for death.
I will do what I love to
do with the key of passion,
enjoying every single moment.
And when the day comes
for me, I will be ready.
At a time, I didn't know my
body was already dead, just
like your body is dead already.
Why I had to be afraid to die.
We are life.
We are the first
who moves our body.
Is that true?
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
We are moving not just our
body, every single atom,
every molecule, everything
that you can see
is moved by us, including you.
>> You mean the three
of you or all of us?
>> All of us.
Well, all life.
>> All of life.
>> Life is only one,
and everything is alive.
Only matter and life exists.
Like my adorable friend
says, matter only
can be moved when I
first move matter.
Without a force matter
just cannot move.
Then the truth is so simple.
It's a binary system.
The force which is
life, and matter that
is moving by the force.
Energy cannot be destroyed, only
transform, and that is life.
We are the energy, we are life.
We are eternal,
but not our bodies.
We welcome you in this
society of the keys holders.
>> Wow.
>> Michael, many days
like this, I mean,
how am I supposed to have
faith when I have so little
to believe in?
>> This is the perfect place
to start, with nothing.
That's where faith comes from.
You have an inner feeling right
now that you want to go on.
Now that inner
feeling right there,
that's the beginning of faith.
The beginning a faith that
then grows into conviction.
So having nothing, because
everything comes out
of nothing, you're beginning
in the right place.
Let me tell you
about a lucid dream
I had that literally
changed my life,
that was the precursor
to faith for me.
Many years ago, I
had this lucid dream,
and I had it for over a
year, it's same dream almost
every night.
These men were chasing me, and
every night, I would wake up
before they would catch me.
But every night, they
got a little bit closer.
And then one night,
I said to myself,
I'm going to stop running.
I turned around, and there
was really small tent,
all these people are trying
to go into this small tent.
It was a very long line, and
I knew every single person
in this line.
And so I said to myself,
these man can't hurt me,
I have all my friends here.
And one by one, these people
turned their back on me.
Two of the men grabbed
me and held me down.
The other plunged a
knife into my heart.
The pain was
excruciating and I died.
When I woke up, I
could see the substance
of beauty and of love.
As a matter of fact, I
called it love beauty.
My name for the
presence, my name for God
was love beauty because
the love and the beauty
was everywhere in animate
and inanimate objects.
Totally shifted my life.
The pain was real, the death was
real, but I awakened to a whole
another way of seeing.
I was transformed.
It wasn't a heart
attack that I can say,
but it was an awakening,
and it was the beginning
of what we would call faith.
It was beginning of a faith,
which is classically defined--
it's a living substance.
It's the substance
of things hoped for,
and the evidence
of things not seen.
So when we're
talking about faith,
we're talking about
seeing the invisible.
We're talking about
hearing the inaudible.
We're talking about a
living substance that
is beyond what you can see.
It's beyond the form,
it's beyond the matter.
It's life itself.
And so, this desire
within you to go on,
that's the beginning
of faith, you see.
And you begin to
feel that things
are going to be OK,
even if you don't know
how they're going to be OK.
That feeling is faith.
I had the opportunity to
establish a spiritual community
while on Earth, and
there was a moment
in which the building
we were using
for our spiritual gatherings
was no longer available to us.
And we had to temporarily
find housing in hotels
while we were
refurbishing the building
we were going to occupy.
And we were under a
tremendous challenge
because I was seeking
to keep my staff on,
we were paying to have
the building refurbished,
plus we were paying the
rent on the building,
plus we were renting the hotel.
Money was running out,
and time was running out
on our conditional use permit.
And so we were up against the
proverbial wall, so to speak.
So I called the board
meeting, and there
were two flyers on the table.
One flyer said, Agape, which
was the name of my community,
will be temporarily suspended,
and the other flyer said,
Agape will be open
at this new location
at this particular date.
So I put both of the
flyers on the table,
and I went around
the room and I said,
is it possible for us
to generate enough money
and to complete this project
before our conditional use
permit runs out?
And they all started speaking
about it's almost impossible,
we don't have any money.
And they were beginning
to yammer about that,
and I said, please.
I'm going to ask
you one question
and the question is yes or no.
I went around the room.
First person said, yes, but--
no, but.
We want to keep our
butts out of her mouth
because that's bad anatomy.
That's bad anatomy.
So I said no butts.
Is it possible?
I'm just asking
you, is it possible.
Yes, it's possible.
The next board member,
yes, it's possible.
Went all around the room
until every single person
in the room, even the contractor
who was in this meeting
said yes, it's possible.
I said, I want you to
do one thing for me.
Don't let anything enter into
your mind for this next week.
Just hang in the possibility
and let's see what happens.
So the next day, the
contractor called, and he said,
I was so moved by
that meeting, I'm
going to double
the manpower, I'm
going to have a group of
people that work at night,
and have a group of people
that work in the day.
And I'm going to pay for some
of it out of my own pocket
because I have faith
that you guys are
going to come through this.
We had put in for a
non-collateral bank
loan of approximately $400,000.
No collateral.
We were a young community.
And so the loan officer
was working on our account.
One of the bank owners
looked over his shoulder
and said, what are
you working on?
And he says, I'm working on this
non-collateral loan for Agape.
One of the owners of
the bank said, Beckwith?
Give him the money.
So within a few days, we had
more than enough manpower,
more than enough
money, and the flyer
that we had chosen to put
out was a flyer that said,
Agape will open its doors
on this particular day.
>> Did you?
>> We did.
But the walls were bare,
the floor wasn't quite done,
but we celebrated as if it was
the biggest thing in the world,
and we had that faith.
That became conviction.
We took the butt out of the
mouth, got the anatomy perfect,
and this is what we're
inviting you to be about.
>> The bottom line
is, my situation,
I know you talk about life and
death like I've never heard
anyone talk about it, but I
just have a little trouble with
the key of faith, knowing that
I'm not going to be around much
longer.
>> The thing that you're
facing this day and what
you're looking at from hearing
from the doctor is about
something that we
understand as inevitability.
You come here leaving,
but we have a privilege.
We've all been to
the other side.
We've already seen
that part of reality.
And in the course of seeing
that part of reality,
the greatest thing
that we can talk about,
or I can talk to you about,
is the key of appreciation.
To appreciate every
moment that you
had before you got the phone
call, to appreciate the phone
call, and to appreciate
the key of where
you go from here,
because this becomes
the most important
thing about appreciating
what your life is about.
Appreciating what brought you
to this stage in your life
and what you're going
to do because you're
at this stage of your life.
One glorious day, I was
talking on the telephone
and was struck by lightning
and declared clinically dead.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> So when you look at
what you're going through,
you're listening to people
who have had experiences much
the same as yours, whose
understanding brought them
deeper into understanding and
who also allowed us to come
to help you so you
can help others.
I was sitting holding
the phone, lightning
came down the phone line,
it went down my spine,
Welded the nails of the heels
of my shoes to the floor.
Threw me in the air,
suspended me in the air,
and threw me back
down on the bed.
It took me two years to learn
to walk and feed myself.
Dead for 28 minutes, completely
paralyzed for six days,
partially paralyzed for
seven months, two years
to walk and feed myself.
So we understand where
you are because we've been
in these kind of situations.
We've all seen that
other side, and what
that makes me is an NDE-er it
means near-death experience.
>> Oh, that makes sense.
>> It means a person who's
experienced what other
dimensions and other frequencies
and other harmonies that are
keys to putting together
this universe as we know it.
We represent that part.
We represent a part that
functions in both sides.
What you're seeing, but
also what you're feeling.
>> Think about when you were
holding the phone to your ear,
what you were feeling.
And that feeling
brought us here today.
So what really
becomes important,
Elizabeth, are the
secrets of the keys.
And by embracing
each of those keys,
you can call upon guardians and
gods, messengers, and angels,
that they wait for
you to recognize
that divine spiritual power,
that divine living power that
moves through you so that
you can, in gratitude, be
of service.
You wouldn't have this situation
happen to you like each of us
has described the situation that
happened to us if you were not
one that had been
chosen to help others
deal with this kind of crisis
that comes in their life.
So whether you
realize it or not,
while we all sit
here and grin, as you
have been gifted a reward
from the conversation
with your doctor, which
terrified you, frightened you,
created all that doubt,
that pain, that loss,
that anger that comes.
But it was a gift,
because from that place,
knowing you have us,
the funny messengers--
messengers of humor and
laughter and gaiety.
So remember, the key of courage
becomes important this time
because as surely
as we all sit here,
there will be someone that
will come into your life
that you as a messenger will
have to instill courage, faith,
passion, and appreciation
in their life
so that they can move
forward just like we are here
to help you move forward.
>> That would be really nice
to be able to help people when
they need it the most.
Do I hear thunder?
>> That's why we're here.
Yeah.
I was getting ready
to say, I want to--
can we trade seats.
I don't want to
be next to Dannion
when wind, thunder, and
lightning is about to happen.
You sit next to him this time.
>> I'll do it, but I will
not hold it from you.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Thank you, gentlemen.
So much.
I am so inspired by your
stories, and I am so grateful.
I'm really feeling the
key of appreciation
for you coming here to help me
with this challenge in my life.
Thank you so much.
>> It is our joy, and that
key is infused with a lot
of energy.
Use it.
>> And love.
And remember, becoming
the keys is the mission,
not just to be knowing the
keys, but to become the keys.
>> Gwen, that was
really something else.
The men of the
council are brilliant.
>> I have to agree.
>> Do you smell that?
>> Of course I do.
Cinnamon, vanilla,
sugar, fresh baked cakes.
It's heavenly, isn't it?
>> Speaking of heaven--
>> Oh, I know what
you're thinking.
And trust me, you're
still very much alive,
>> OK.
Just checking.
It's been quite a day.
>> Sit here with me.
The time has come for you
to make your decision.
As you know, we want
to make you an offer.
It's an opportunity
for you to help others,
much like how I've
helped you today.
You know, every
once in a while, we
get an opportunity to
recruit new guides.
I've been doing this a very long
time and I'm ready to move on,
but I picked you out myself.
I've been watching
you for some time,
and I think you'd be excellent
at helping other people to see
all they have to be grateful for
and to help them find solutions
for their problems.
We encourage people to be more,
to be kinder to one another,
to take better
care of themselves
and their fellow human beings,
to do more with their lives.
I think this is something
you could do, don't you?
>> Well, that's why I became
a motivational speaker
and an author was because
I love to help people.
But you know my doctor
said she doesn't even
think I'm going to
make it til winter.
>> I know that.
We'll take care of everything.
You'll go back to your life.
Everything will be normal.
Well, as normal as it can be
for someone in your situation.
But the only difference is,
when you take your last breath,
you're not really
going anywhere.
You'll still be here on Earth.
Only you'll be in
a position to help
other people who need your
guidance with their problems.
You'll be able to teach
them the seven keys
that you learned today.
You know, there's so many
people that seem lost,
and we want you to
help us help them.
And all we need is your
permission to make this happen.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What about my
family and friends?
What happens to them when
I take this opportunity?
When I take this job
you're offering me?
>> They will adjust, and you'll
be able to watch over them too.
But mostly, I want you to
consider all of the people
that you'll be able to help.
Since I've been a guide,
for just past 200 years now,
I believe I've helped
more than 75,000 people.
It's very fulfilling.
>> 200 years?
How is that even possible?
>> I can't really say.
All I know is that I help
people by connecting them
with the experts they
need from all fields,
just like the special
people we met today.
All the experts
love to help people
who need their help the most.
It's a very rewarding
position, Elizabeth,
and it's definitely
not for everyone.
But I think you'd make
a remarkable guide.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Well, then I say let's do it.
>> All right.
Let's do it.
Put her there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Elizabeth, please be strong
during these next few months.
Now you will not remember
anything about our agreement
until the time comes.
But please know, on some level,
I'll be watching over you
until then.
>> Thank you so much,
Gwen, for everything.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you so much.
[THUNDER CRASHES]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PHONE RINGS]
Hello.
This is Elizabeth.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I did hear
from the doctor.
No.
No, it wasn't very good news.
It's what?
Oh, my goodness.
I don't know where
the time went.
I was just trying to get my head
wrapped around what's going on
and what's happened.
Yeah.
I have to go there
tomorrow and see him.
Yeah.
You know, it wasn't
very good news,
but somehow I just have a
feeling that everything's
going to be OK.
I do.
OK.
I'm on my way.
I'll see you soon.
Bye.
>> (SINGING) Storm clouds
come circle me again.
Dark steady rain on my horizon.
I have weathered you before.
I will weather you again.
Stronger than ever known.
Never alone.
Stronger than ever, I
look how I've grown.
Lifting every endeavour,
stronger than ever.
No teardrops, no
howling winter wind
could ever throw
me off my journey.
I will walk without a fear,
as the wolf at my front door.
Stronger than ever
know, never alone.
Stronger than ever, I
look how I've grown.
Lifting in every endeavour.
When I look back on all I've
done, and everything I lost
and what it all made you do the
glory of my never-ending story.
Stronger than ever
known, never alone.
Stronger than ever, I
look how I've grown.
Lifted in every endeavour.
Stronger than ever
known, never alone.
Stronger than ever, I
look how I've grown.
Lifted in every endeavour.
Stronger than ever.